[Music]
the only 10 exercises men need to bulk
up if you want to build muscle these are
the only exercises you'll ever need the
best part is that these moves won't only
get you ripped but also give you better
posture more strength more mobility and
get you into your dream body in no time
so get ready to learn about these
seriously powerful moves and don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
turn on notifications to join us on the
bright side of life number 10
chest supported dumbbell rows this is a
great move that will force your body
into the proper form and build muscle in
your back and shoulders as a bonus it
will also improve your posture set a
bench at an incline lie face down
against it with your arms straight down
and one dumbbell in each hand squeeze
your shoulder blades and move your
elbows back to do the row pause for a
moment and then return to the starting
position make sure you don't use
momentum to complete the movement the
best part of this move is that since
your lower back doesn't need to
stabilize it allows you to work
specifically on your upper back number
nine pull-ups doing pull-ups can be hard
at first if you're a beginner and
struggling with them do as many as you
can and then increase the repetitions as
you develop strength pull-ups will
mostly work on your lats and biceps and
they will target your upper back and
forearms to a lesser extent this move
will give you the v-shape of wide
shoulders and a smaller waist that so
many men want grab the pull-up bar with
your palms facing away from you you
should hold the bar with a very wide
grip more than shoulder width pull
yourself up until your chest touches the
bar then lower yourself in a controlled
fashion without using momentum repeat
the movement without putting your feet
on the ground
number eight chin-ups chin-ups can be
very similar to pull-ups as they work on
the lats trapezius muscle and rhomboids
the major difference is that chin-ups
place more emphasis on the biceps grab
the pull-up bar with your palms facing
toward you with a grip that's narrower
than shoulder-width stick your chest out
and create a small curve in your lower
back exhale and pull yourself up so that
your chin reaches the top of the bar as
you do this keep your elbows close to
your body lower yourself and exhale
repeat the movement without touching the
ground to make the exercise even more
challenging you can use a dip belt
number seven dumbbell single arm row if
your arms are lacking in strength doing
a single arm row is a great way to begin
your muscle building journey place two
dumbbells on each side of a flat bench
put your right knee against the bench
and bend your upper body forward until
it's parallel with the floor put your
right arm against the bench to hold
yourself in place
reach for the dumbbell on the left side
of the bench pull your left arm up
keeping it close to your body imagine
someone's pulling your elbow straight up
to the ceiling the only thing that
should move is your arm the rest of your
body should be stationary this move will
target your lats rhomboids lower traps
rotator cuffs and your erector spinae
muscles which helps straighten and
rotate your back number six
barbell squats this is the best lower
body exercise you can find a barbell
squat will primarily work your
quadriceps but it also targets your
hamstrings calves glutes and even
extends to your lower back the squat is
the best move you can do if you want to
increase testosterone compound movements
like a basic squat with a barbell will
work several muscles at once and the
more muscles you work the more
testosterone gets released into the
bloodstream standing straight with the
barbell behind you push your hips back
and drop down into a squat your feet
should be shoulder width apart keep your
heels flat on the floor don't allow your
knees to extend forward beyond your feet
and don't drop your chin
keep your back straight and your chest
up number five shoulder presses you can
do this exercise with a dumbbell or a
barbell however if you really want to
build muscle fast the barbell is the
best choice this move will target your
deltoids trapezius triceps and rotator
cuff muscles sit on a bench that has
back support and lean back grab the
barbell with your palms facing away from
you and hold it just above your chest
your grip should be wider than shoulder
width move the barbell up past your head
until your arms are straight above your
head lower the barbell down to your chin
or the top of your chest and inhale at
the same time then exhale as you lift
the barbell one more time number four
barbell bench presses you also need to
work on the front of your body
and that's what barbell chest presses
accomplish fly down face up on a bench
take the barbell from the rack with your
palms facing away from you lift the
barbell straight up over your chest and
hold it with your arms locked inhale and
bring the barbell down slowly until it
touches your chest then exhale and lift
the bar keeping it right above your
nipple line this move will add
definition to your chest muscles and
build that big chest most men want to
achieve with bodybuilding you can also
set the bench at an incline for better
comfort but a flat bench will work your
chest muscles harder and promote more
muscle growth
number three barbell row this exercise
how the strength in your back and bulk
you up it's a challenging exercise to
perform but if it's done correctly it's
one of the most effective exercises out
there this move will work your upper
back lower back rhomboids biceps glutes
core and hamstrings place your feet
hip-width apart with the barbell over
your feet bend over and grab the barbell
your back should be flat your shoulders
pulled down and back and your knees
slightly bent drive your elbows back and
start the row bring the barbell close to
your stomach and then lower it in a
controlled fashion past your knees now
start over
the most common mistake with this
exercise is to bounce the barbell up and
down letting momentum do the work number
two
deadlift adding deadlifts to your
workout routine when you're trying to
build muscle is a no-brainer a deadlift
forces you to use muscles in the front
and back of your body it targets your
lats rhomboids trapezius muscle lower
back and it's one of the few exercises
that targets your hamstrings directly
this move will not only give you amazing
muscles but will actually increase your
physical strength start in the same
position as the barbell row reach for
the barbell and move your hips back as
if they were a hinge as your hips move
back pull the barbell up and stand
straight then lower it to the starting
position you're nervous and
musculoskeletal systems will be hard at
work so if you're a beginner it's best
to pace yourself with this move at first
number one power cleans the name says it
all this will require some power this is
one of the most killer exercises you can
find since it involves an explosive
movement it will engage all the major
muscles in your body
quads core hamstrings gluts traps
shoulders arms back and everything you
can imagine this move will get your
heart rate going and build a ton of
muscle place your feet shoulder-width
apart with your chest out your back
straight and facing straight ahead bend
down and lift the barbell up to your
shins this is the starting position now
as you stand up lift the barbell
straight up while keeping it close to
your body as the barbell moves closer to
your chest rotate your arms around and
under the barbell simultaneously drop
into a quarter squat position now gently
place the barbell against your chest
right under your chin finally bend down
and lower the barbell back to your shins
repeat the movement keep in mind that if
you're a beginner trying out these
exercises it's best to start with
lighter weights and work your way up to
heavier ones so you can really focus on
good form so tell us bright ciders what
are some of your favorite exercises for
building muscles let us know in the
comments section don't forget to give
this video a like share it with your
friends and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side
[Music]